README.md, before:

# README

## Illuminati Infrastructure – Stage Environment

This project provisions shared CI/CD infrastructure for the Illuminati platform using Terraform and Terragrunt.
It sets up core services required for automation and continuous delivery within the stage environment.

### Purpose

The configuration creates and manages key CI/CD and shared services components on AWS:

- Jenkins -orchestrates automated deployments across environments.

- SonarQube – provides code quality and security analysis for all projects.

- ECR – hosts Docker images for application services.

- Cross-account IAM roles – allow Jenkins to deploy workloads securely into other AWS environments.

This infrastructure acts as the foundation of the deployment pipeline, enabling Jenkins to automate builds, scans, and environment provisioning.

### Usage

#### Initialize Terragrunt

```
terragrunt init
```

#### Validate configuration
```
terragrunt validate
```

#### Plan changes

```
terragrunt plan
```

#### Apply deployment
```
terragrunt apply
```

Use stage/manual for initial Jenkins and IAM role setup, and stage/automated for SonarQube and ECR managed by Jenkins afterward.

Commit message:

TAT-86: update README to reflect that repo now contains only Terraform modules used by Terragrunt

README.md, after:

# README

## Illuminati Infrastructure – Stage Environment

This repository contains Terraform modules for provisioning shared CI/CD infrastructure in the Illuminati platform.
It serves as a building block for the stage environment and is consumed by Terragrunt, which orchestrates deployments across environments.

### Purpose

This repository provides Terraform modules that define the core CI/CD components on AWS:

- Jenkins - orchestrates automated builds, tests, and deployments.

- SonarQube – provides code quality and security scans.

- ECR – stores Docker images for platform services.

- Cross-account IAM roles – allow Jenkins to deploy workloads securely into other AWS environments.

These modules are not meant to be applied directly via terraform apply. Instead, they are referenced by Terragrunt configurations in higher-level environment repos.

### Structure

- main.tf – integrates individual modules into a complete stage stack definition

- modules/ – reusable Terraform modules:

  - jenkins/

  - sonarqube/

  - ecr/

  - cross_account/

- templates/ – user data templates for EC2 instances

### Usage

If you want to test a module in isolation:
```
terraform init
terraform plan
```

However, in normal workflow, these modules are consumed by Terragrunt from a higher-level repository [iac_terragrunt](https://github.com/The-A-Team-organization/iac-terragrunt).
